neville has not eaten any meat for three
years he was focusing on shooting a deer
but when he was about to open fire a
lion suddenly rushed to attack the deer
neville was about to shoot it but he saw
a few more lions coming
seeing the scene of a happy family he
was touched he hesitated for a moment
and then slowly lowered the gun
now the alarm rang from the watch on his
arm the sun was about to set
he hurriedly left with his dog sam three
years ago
the earth had an accident that caused
humanity to perish due to a virus
attack when infected with this virus
humans will turn into monsters
perhaps neville was the only survivor in
the world every morning
he wakes up to exercise then takes a
walk with sam to find food and essential
supplies
in the afternoon he goes to the southern
seaport to send signals
hoping to find the other survivors in
his spare time
he often plays golf for fun one day sam
chased a deer into an abandoned building
neville horribly went after sam and
didn't stop calling his name
neville knew for a fact that the place
was a favorite haven for those monsters
or night hunters
because of his only friend he was not
afraid of danger
he ran into the abandoned house looking
for sam the dog was found hiding under
the table it suddenly backed away
as if it had seen something terrifying a
night hunter was about to attack neville
from behind
after a period of intense fighting
neville kicked down the glass door and
jumped down
the night hunter fell down with him and
it was burned to death by the sunlight
after learning of the whereabouts of the
night hunters neville came up with an
idea
he set a trap and put his blood on and
waited soon after
he successfully captured a night hunter
[Applause]
another night hunter chases after
neville but the monster was afraid of
the sunlight and withdrew
the night hunter neville caught was a
female he performed a series of
experiments on it to try to turn it back
into a human but all failed
to prevent it from dying he injected
more viruses into its body
in his spare time neville often goes to
the record-selling store
he considered the mannequins there as
friends and waved goodbye to them when
he left
the night was a time of vigorous
activity for the night hunters
when the sun goes down neville closes
all the doors and hides in the bath
holding the gun tightly to defend
himself the next day
neville discovered frad a mannequin in
the store was standing in front of the
grand central terminal building and he
started firing in it
later neville was trapped in the same
trap he used to capture the female
knight hunter
neville was unconscious and it was
getting dark when he woke up
he cut the rope and managed to escape
the crack as the sun went down
neville was attacked by the dogs
infected with the virus
there was only a little light as the
boundary to threaten the dogs but then
the light quickly disappeared
all the dogs rushed to attack neville
sam helped him to stop one
neville quickly destroyed another the
third one rushed to attack neville
but one
so
got killed by them one with a super
strang overturned neville's car and was
about to bite him
suddenly there was a powerful light
shine that made them ran away
when he woke up neville was surprised to
find himself at home
with two other people in the house anne
and ethan it turned out that they got
neville's signal and came to save him
the next evening many night hunters
attacked the house
neville detonated the bombs but there
were too many of them
he took the mother and her son to hide
in his lab but the monster also quickly
banged on their door
they were very aggressive but the leader
stopped them and painted a butterfly on
the glass window
neville recalled that the same pattern
was on the night hunter's neck that he
caught
it was a tattoo of a butterfly it turned
out that he caught the leader's wife
what kind of monsters have such sincere
feelings do they still have
consciousness
neville opened the door handed the wife
back to the leader and apologized
it generously spared him never realized
that maybe in the eyes of the night
hunters
he was also just a monster that kept
capturing their species for experiments
i've heard that the movie has another
ending if you know it
please comment below